Favor remote execution over katello agent (#444)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Content_Management_Guide/topics/Managing_Errata.adoc

* Synchronize {ProjectName} repositories with the latest errata available from Red{nbsp}Hat.
For more information, see xref:Importing_Content-Synchronizing_Repositories[].

> * Register the host to an environment and Content View on the {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: This is fine for Foreman but a super taboo for Satellite. I have no idea why. It makes things awkward but we've generally gone for article-less Foreman server.

For more information, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Registering_Hosts[Registering Hosts] in the _Managing Hosts_ guide.

* Configure the host for remote execution.
For more information about running remote execution jobs, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs] in the  _Managing Hosts_ guide.

[NOTE]
====

> If the host is already configured to receive content updates with the deprecated Katello Agent, they should be migrated to remote execution instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the host is already configured to receive content updates with the deprecated Katello Agent, migrate to remote execution instead.
```

I'm not sure who "them" is, whether it is the host or the content updates. 
Docs style guide doesn't like the word should and prefers the imperative :)

* Register the host to an environment and Content View on {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Registering_Hosts[Registering Hosts] in the _Managing Hosts_ guide.

* Configure the host for remote execution.
For more information about running remote execution jobs, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs] in the  _Managing Hosts_ guide.

[NOTE]
====
If the host is already configured to receive content updates with the deprecated Katello Agent, migrate to remote execution instead.

> For more information, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}host-management-without-goferd-and-katello-agent_managing-hosts[Migrating from Katello Agent to Remote Execution] in the _Managing Hosts_ guide.

Reviewer: And then update the URL here also.

* Register the hosts to an environment and Content View on {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Registering_Hosts[Registering Hosts] in the _Managing Hosts_ guide.

* Configure the host for remote execution.
For more information about running remote execution jobs, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs] in the  _Managing Hosts_ guide.

[NOTE]
====

> If the host is already configured to receive content updates with the deprecated Katello Agent, they should be migrated to remote execution instead.

Reviewer: Same as above.

* Register the hosts to an environment and Content View on {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}Registering_Hosts[Registering Hosts] in the _Managing Hosts_ guide.

* Configure the host for remote execution.
For more information about running remote execution jobs, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs] in the  _Managing Hosts_ guide.

[NOTE]
====
If the host is already configured to receive content updates with the deprecated Katello Agent, migrate to remote execution instead.

> For more information, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}host-management-without-goferd-and-katello-agent_managing-hosts[Migrating from Katello Agent to Remote Execution] in the _Managing Hosts_ guide.

Reviewer: And here.
